# Check in meetings with Kirstie

* [Date: 7 April 2021](#date-7-april-2021)
* [Date: 25 March 2021](#date-25-march-2021)

### Date: 7 April 2021

#### Who did you help over the past fortnight?

* HM - on onboarding postdocs
  * KW: YES - a little challenging but really valuable.

#### Who helped you this week?

* IKG (mentoring chat)

#### What did you achieve?

* I feel like I properly onboarded as a RAM within the AI4S Programme:
  * I attended their monthly management meeting - JR with the 4 PIs. 
  * I attended the E&S CTP meeting.
  * I got invited to the weekly project meeting with SH and team.
  * I got added to all of their Slack channels, Github repos, Google-drive folders. 
  * We agreed that in the first instance, my help would probably most useful in refining the scope of their proposed computer vision toolkit.
    There will be a whiteboard scoping session some time in May likely.
    I suggested that we invite some potential 'users' and stakeholders, but before that, we will be doing a little landscape analysis to try and identify a 'niche'. I offered to help here.
  * My plan is to be as involved as possible with AI4S in these early days, since there seems to be lots of goodwill and opportunity for impact. 
    * KW: WOOOOO HOOOO! üéâ üéä üôå
* We more or less finalised our org committee now for the Impact reading group.
  This Friday is the big planning meeting where we want to discuss the texts to start with and other org matters. 
  * Your feedback around posting in the tps channel as we crystalise our questions is taken on board. 
  * I think we will start with Mark Reed's book for the very first session.
    I think there needs to be a nod to REF.
    As well as to The Hidden REF.
    So we frame the discussion within these known and existing parameters. 
    * KW: Excited to hear how this develops.
* I attended CW21 - which was really valuable - I contextualised some of my early thinking about the position paper on RAMs.
  I got pointed to references (Hidden REF, and others too). 
* I spoke with CF (from Partnerships) about how we will work together in covering stakeholders.
* I did some work preparing to onboard ASG postdocs.
  * KW: You did a GREAT job!
    Thank you! üå†

#### What did you struggle with?

* I think I can do better next time we onboard a new batch of postdocs (maybe May or June).
  It felt like I didn't quite grip the situation early enough, I didn't get calendar invites early enough (so what ended up happening is that some programmes booked their folks for the entire Tuesday).
  * KW: I think this is a tough situation - I think there are lessons that we can learn that can go in The Turing Way chapter so that we can be a bit smoother in the future.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Do well on onboarding postdocs - get to know about them and their work. 
* Reach out to AD regarding the RAM workplan for his CTP
* Start delivering on RAM stuff for AI4S - maybe some landscape analysis work, familiarise myself with their repos, etc. 
* Do more OLS training... 
* Engage more deeply with the reproducibility and interoperability resources in The Turing Way 
* Finish any last issues with the RAM JD, and work on the TPS Fellow JD

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Plans for Friday discussion session.
  * Done in the meeting üåü

| Time  | Activity | Location |
| ----- | -------- | -------- |
| 10:00 | Welcome, code of conduct | Main room |
| 10:05 | Definition of open | HackMD |
| 10:10 | Personal stories / experiences with open research | Breakout rooms |
| 10:25 | Introduce your partner, tell their open research story in 2 minutes (no more!) | Main room |
| 10:50 | Definition of reproducible, collaboration. Similarities and differences to open | HackMD / main room |
| 11:05 | :coffee: Comfort break | Video / audio off |
| 11:15 | How does working openly / reproducibly contribute (or not!) to career progression? | Breakout rooms |
| 11:25 | Report back, open discussion | Main room |
| 11:40 | Definition of "collaboration" | HackMD |
| 11:45 | Collaboration at the Turing | Main room |
| 11:55 | Close out, pluses and deltas | HackMD |

#### Any other topics


### Date: 25 March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* SG, GA (mentoring chats)
  * KW: I'm so glad - thank you!
* Had a chat with EM about her handover
  * KW: So saddddd :sob: but super helpful!  

#### Who helped you this week?

* IKG (mentoring chat)
  * KW: I'm so glad you're learning about the EAG with IKG
* MS (helped me with github, and gave me feedback on OLS tasks) 
  * KW: Great stuff - thank you so much for engaging with all these skills

#### What did you achieve?

* Sent an email to JR regarding first draft of the RAM workplan for E&S theme.
  * KW: Brilliant - feel free to ping SH if JR doesn't loop him in (I think he will though)
* I think I am getting better at Github (I created a RAM repo on The Alan Turing Institute github account and started adding stuff there that I hope will scale to other RAMs and ASG researchers). 
  * KW: LOVE THIS üôå
* I am mirroring the Github repo on Turing Sharepoint for now, but that's for housekeeping for now. It might not continue for everything.
  * KW: Makes sense!
* Had the first meeting with JW to set up our little Impact reading group, and made the first steps in reaching out to people. 
  * KW: We didn't talk about this in the meeting BUT this sounds great although I'm not convinced lots of people will come along... you might have to think carefully about who you _need_ to be there and then invite them. I'd also really encourage you to post questions that come up in the #tps channel on slack - you might get good thoughts from people there if they can't make the session.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I will attend the Shocks and Resilience CTP meeting today, but I am slightly struggling to see if I am adding any value for now. I will be in a listen and wait mode.
  * KW: Thank you for coming. The onboarding work is going to be _super_ valuable. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Make a plan for the Impact reading group 
* Reach out to AD regarding the RAM workplan for his CTP
* Chat with new joiner CF (and NG if need be) to figure out how best to work with Partnerships on ASG
* Attend the management meeting for the E&S CTP and refine the RAM workplan 
* Attend CW21 
* Do more OLS training... 
* Maybe help KW with the Trinity Challenge grant prep, if that's still going ahead 
* I want to engage more deeply with the reproducibility and interoperability resources in The Turing Way- for my education, and to enable my communication with ASG, and to help plan what we need in the future.

KW: LOVE all of these!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Is there anything I could do better/more in connecting with JR and other Theme Leads for now? 
  *  I think the next step would be to start building trust with the PIs.
  *  To prepare training for postdocs. 
    * KW: I think this is a high priority area - thinking of it as a landscape mapping exercise - who are these folks? What have they done? What do they care about? Where are the opportunities?
    * And lets invite them to _The Turing Way_.
  *  To reach out to stakeholders.
* Refining the JDs for TPS Fellows and RAMs 
  * KW: YES - I think I'll make progress on that next week ‚úîÔ∏è

#### Any other topics

There always are other topics and I'm sure they will come up as we chat. üò∏

KW: Thank you for your input on TPS strategy! Excited to work with you üöÄ
