# Emma's Weekly Meeting Notes

* [17 March 2021](#date-17-march-2021)
* [10 March 2021](#date-10-march-2021)
* [24 February 2021](#date-24-february-2021)
* [17 February 2021](#date-17-february-2021)
* [10 February 2021](#date-10-february-2021)
* [Template](#template-date-dd-month-yyyy)


### Date: 17th March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* engage@turing students onboarding.


#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* SSI interview
* Community management
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.



### Date: 10th March 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Sorted out the github tangle for GA and we had a mentor meeting.
* Helping MS to plan CW21 Turing Way session.
  * KW: SO EXCITED for Project Design work!!! üå†
* Set up a folder on project repository for ED - trying to take this extra work of uploading and formatting resources off him so he can concentrate on the the database.
  * KW: Great - thank you!

#### Who helped you this week?

* ME - helpful discussion about medications and also about standardisation of data.
  * KW: I LOVE THIS SO MUCH üòç

#### What did you achieve?

* Organised myself for community manager communications - monthly newsletter, helpful video link emails, onboarding emails, announcements for new resources such as meeting notes.
  Slack and email.
  Archive newsletters in Github.
  * KW: So beautiful! üå†
* Communicating with team members - LY, SG and IB to get updates.
  IB - the literature review shows lack of studies in this area and not focused on in bigger cohorts - will add this to the knowledge share coming up.
  LY - communicating about medications.
  * KW: REALLY great - so glad we're starting to get a few more conversations going.
* Organised project meeting schedule - clinicians have agreed to do expert session, ethics to move date.
* Binder workshop talk and help.
* Chat with RG about authorship.
* Progress of guide to communication - adding to issue in github repo of interviews/case studies, taking out open phrasing and adding in first drafts of the authorship/contributor section of the guide.

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* More project community manager stuff - starting next newsletter, planning meeting schedule for May, keeping in touch with teams.
* Working on authorship section of Turing way communication guide and start paper writing section.
* Will link up with DP for Turing way onboarding chat.

These all look fantastic - thank you!

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Lab blog - did a PR.
  * KW: YES!! AAAAAH!
* PRs for mentor meetings.

### Date: 24 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Mentor meeting with GA - talked about Autism in general, being a community manager and also I tried helping with GH (we merged the most recent PR but can we just delete the rest? as a total tangle).
  * KW: Yes - if you can confirm that the content is merged then go ahead and close the left over PRs :white_check_mark:
* Helped KW with Exec presentation slides.
  * KW: YES! Thank you!
* Helped SG with a bug in her Binder workshop -- next Wednesday 50 people signed up!
  * KW: GREAT! :star2::star2::star2:

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS - helped me with a template for the lab blog.
  * KW: Exciting!
* SG - checked over my slides.
  * KW: Great stuff!

#### What did you achieve?

* Finished the project intro powerpoint and notes.
* Made my first binder repo/my binder thingy - not sure the right term! - and wrote a blog for the upcoming workshop.
* Finished intro to Turing Way pwpt for Binder workshop next week.
* Attended talks for the UKRI ECR forum induction week - there were alot! :dizzy_face:
* Arranged meetings with RG and IB next week.
  * KW: This is super exciting - please let me know how it all goes :sparkles:
* Finished my lab goatherd duties by writing the blog - now needs reviewing and publishing.
  * KW: Super helpful - thank you - I'll have a think about feeding into the template to make this easier.
* Mentor meeting with GA.
* Attended project meetings and wrote up notes.

#### What did you struggle with?

* GA's Github tangle - need to learn how to use from command line for ultimate power :muscle:
  
#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Focus on Turing Way chapter to rework it and continue the first draft including academic paper and authorship sections.
* KW: We also need to have a think about March meetings for the main project.
  * Thank you for the discussion in the meeting today :pray:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Please can I get access to the repo for the lab blog as I've written it and just needs adding there and reviewing.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.


### Date: 17 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* I'm Lab Goatherd this week so helped the Whitaker Lab members with all of the lab documentation - chose theme of cool/useful tools/apps and lined up SB to talk about Openminded Duet and Tweetdeck.
  * KW: I'm so delighted :goat:
* Peer mentoring session with ME on tues, also scheduled one with GA on friday.

#### Who helped you this week?

* ME - talking about Health Data. This was very helpful for me as I could ask alot of silly questions!
* HM - helping to review my meeting notes.

KW: What lovely people - I'm so glad :purple_heart:

#### What did you achieve?

* Project intro powerpoint for lab meeting next week - mostly done now as have collated all the info I need and just needs polishing.
* More meeting notes and powerpoint slides on Github.
* Started project team email list notes.
* More connecting with colleagues on project - helping collaboration.
  * KW: Please do ask HM to add you to the DRFs and send request to DTC.
  * KW: I really like your point about how much information is in the previous talks & knowledge shares. Something like a "past presentation of the week" and email around with a bit of a blurb saying this is why you should make sure you've watched it??
* Making more connections for the Guide for Communication - Marta M from Turing way community, case studies for different types of communication are coming in.
* Started to make my own Turing Way Intro powerpoint for SG's Binder workshop.
  * KW: Can you make sure you let AB know about the workshop? TPS newsletter and Turing bulletin.

KW: These are all fantastic!! Great stuff!

#### What did you struggle with?

* All ok.
  * KW: :smiling_face_with_three_hearts:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finalising project intro pwpt and also Turing way one for Binder workshop.
  * KW: FAB! (May I have a copy before my presentation to the exec?!)
* UKRI ECR forum induction - we need to speak about this.
  * KW: This sounds so fantastic. Please do wear your Turing Way hat and report back on anything you learn / insights etc :star2:

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Overview of how different teams on project fit in - website and list I have don't connect.
  * KW: Lets chat on slack to check on this! :saurons_eye_emoji: :wink: 
* Checking data flow diagram for project with you.
  * KW: There's a technical paper draft floating around to be honest... ping me on slack to see if I can surface it!
* Student engagement form
  * KW: YESSSS - keep nudging me on this.



### Date: 10 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* I've volunteered to help SG with the SSI Zero to binder workshop - doing the intro to *The Turing Way* talk and helping to run the workshop.
  * KW: Fantastic!
* Helped MS with deciding the layout of the new Turing chapter that she is writing and issue on onboarding new Turing way community members.
  * KW: So so cool! 

#### Who helped you this week?

* HM helped me find some resources that I couldn't find.
* I talked through the Turing Way chapter that I have started writing with MS and LC.

#### What did you achieve?

* Planned out *Turing Way* chapter (Communicating open science) and started a [first draft](https://hackmd.io/z3wbuBKXTQif8-Wd6u6Q0g).
  Also started a plan for [Guide for Communication](https://hackmd.io/VHDWuGcbRWG1GqXuEhgarw) - comments very welcome on that too!
  * KW: Looks spectacular - absolutely fabulous! 
* Went to the *Turing way* collaboration cafe and advertised my new issue for new chapter.
  * KW: So fun! :heart_eyes:
* Linked up colleagues on Slack to the people who could help them and resource on Github.
  * KW: Fab :rocket: :star2:
* Sent out more emails about BIO's and had lots more responses - nearly complete now!
  * KW: Great!
* Made a shared email list for me and HM.
  * KW: EXCELLENT - see comment below about definition in GitHub
* Contacted RG and he sent resources for me to read. He will link me up with colleagues.
  * KW: Coooool!  
* Also going to contact other to get case studies for the Communication guide as personal stories of impact are great!
  * KW: :tada::tada::tada:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Separating off my own personal research time from Turing time.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Continue writing first draft of Turing way chapter.
* Start working on presentation for lab meeting.
* Write up a definition of the different email groups for project somewhere on GitHub.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Presentation for lab meeting.
  * KW: Also really useful for my presentation to the exec? Can you (ask the teams to help you to) make a slide of each research question?

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.





### Date: [Template]

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who you helped this week and how.


#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.
