# Arielle & Patricia Bi-weekly Meetings

**2021**

* [22-02-2021](#Date-22-02-2021)
* [08-03-2021](#Date-08-03-2021)
* [22-03-2021](#Date-22-03-2021)
* [26-04-2021](#Date-26-04-2021)

## Patricia Goals & Aims 
*What skills, support, plans, objectives do you have for your work at the moment? How can these meetings support these?*

* Survive pandemic
* Get service team organised and processes
* Write a project proposal (jupyter notebooks)
* Figure out the informal leadership "thing"

## Template: Date: DD-MM-YYYY

### Patricia's achievements

### Check-in ritual
*(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)*
(your notes)

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

(reflections/outcomes of the task)

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

(your notes)

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

(your notes)
* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

(your notes)
* Anything else:

(your notes)

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

## Date: 22-02-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* Workshop on FAIR software accepted for CollabW21
* Running a workshop to get detailed feedback on the [draft FAIR assessment framework for services](https://www.fairsfair.eu/events/fairness-services-closer-look-fairsfair-framework): good feedback, will need to add examples and further reading to get people started
* Made progress on organising social events for RDA VP17
* We're kicking off our funded project [between DMPonline and TU Delft](https://openworking.wordpress.com/2021/02/22/towards-better-efficiency-integrating-data-management-plans-with-institutional-systems/)
* Spend a lot of time looking into service backlog and time allocated so far and hopefully made a case for another developer :crossed_fingers: 

### Agenda and Notes

* Introduction: what brought us both to the lab
    * AB is project manager for TPS
    * PH is friend of the lab that was part of the Turing Way core team to get it started and then stayed around - current job is Research Data Specialist at the DCC (Uni of Edinburgh)
        * service managing [DMPonline](https://dmponline.dcc.ac.uk/)
        * working on [FAIRsFAIR project](https://www.fairsfair.eu/)
        * Other bits and bobs, such as [hidden REF committee](https://hidden-ref.org/) and [RDA VP17 organising committee](https://www.rd-alliance.org/plenaries/rda-17th-plenary-meeting-edinburgh-virtual)
        
* PH's objectives for 2021
    * Survive pandemic
    * Work on service processes to make service delivery more effective (currently difficult due to vacancy in development team)
    * Lead on writing a project proposal (probably on computational notebook preservation)
    * Work on leadership skills (service team, project proposals)

* Common themes
    * project management
    * community management
    * leadership

### After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* PH to create a reading list 
* Reading for next week: https://scholar.valpo.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1316&context=jvbl

## Date: 08-03-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* attended the [DPC Advocacy and Community Engagement Sub-Committee](https://www.dpconline.org/about/governance)
    * will join a follow up meeting to see if [BitList update](https://www.dpconline.org/digipres/champion-digital-preservation/bit-list) can learn from Turing Way processes
    * some of this made a really good case for the proposal idea around preserving computational notebooks that's not progressing (lack of time and no deadline)
* finalised [blog](https://www.dcc.ac.uk/blog/dmponline-cdl-annual-planning-meeting-during-covid) on strategic meeting about our open source project and roadmap for 2021
* got lost in ceilidh dances and Scottish recipes for social events
* joined a workshop trying to [define research software](https://www.rd-alliance.org/group/fair-research-software-fair4rs-wg/post/fair4rs-research-software-definition-workshop) which almost made my brain explode 

### Check-in ritual
* Slack back channels for events and other conversations - so my colleagues and friends on there :heart: 

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

* Similar to the Open Research discussion - how do we change the wider system to make this work? 
    * change assessment criteria 
    * how do we prepare people for things that are hard to cover in a traditional training? 

* how not to be cynical about how little has moved so far and how much change is dependent on individuals? 

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

    * preparing some planning to hire a developer - first proper hiring/interviewing process 
    
* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * our upgrade highlighted quite a few issues in our deployment process and treatment of GitHub branches - while I like getting those processes aligned, it adds to the current pressure; investigating ways to compensate clients in the meantime

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

    * ideas where to post the developer job

## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* Lazy consensus: http://nowviskie.org/2012/lazy-consensus/

## Date: 22-03-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* was reviewer on SSI Fellowship 2021 selection call
* Attended RDAP summit 2021 and [blogged](https://t.co/YntWO7f5ou) about it timely which is really rare!
* Attended a CoC incident reporting workshop - still need to blog
* Made more progress on social events for April conference - it's quite hard and I'm not sure why I volunteered to organise them
* Attended MozFest session on Open Code & Trustworthiness
* Ran our regular monthly service drop-in 
* Explored an interactive board for our current bugs and [blogged](https://www.dcc.ac.uk/blog/new-dashboard-dmponline-issues) about it 
* Tidied the home office 

### Check-in ritual
* Shout out to LC's friend who has been my saviour in progressing some social events stuff that I was super blocked on :heart: 


## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

* Read lazy consensus - I've done things wrong in the past :grimacing: and left job if that autonomy wasn't there
* Interesting insight into library politics!
* Works well if you have some autonomy/ all the resources to put the proposal into practice
* Needs time to think through proposals - not a good option when you do need to do fire fighting
* Building concensus/connections in a virtual world is really hard - needs to be an extra effort at the moment


## After this call
Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
* move next meeting due to Easter?
* Reading: 
    * Preparing for the world after COVID-19: leadership lessons from crises and discontinuous change: https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/businessreview/2021/01/26/preparing-for-the-world-after-covid-19-lessons-for-leaders-from-crises-and-discontinuous-change/


## Date: 26-04-2021

### Patricia's achievements
* attended and ran workshop at CollabW21
* somehow won second prize in the hackathon for https://coding-confessions.github.io/
* prepared and supported the delivery of our big conference 
* social events were a success and even somehow fun - glad people enjoyed it

### Check-in ritual
*(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)*
* My colleague Alex did all the work for the conference and I have no idea how she did it.
    * AMAZING

## Before this call
**Is there any particular reading/task we said we will do before we meet?**

Yes, and I haven't read it yet :(

## Agenda and Notes
* Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on.

    * reviving my SSI fellowship idea of analysing/exploring the relationship/collaboration between data managers and research software engineers 
        * needs still proper plotting out, but glad there will be time/demand for this 

* Since last time, review progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention?

    * No update on the recruitment of our developer job and it gets really frustrating as the workload is too much to handle for the team and there's no real end in sight

* Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.

    * shout outs to the Hidden REF as we're getting close to submission deadline. Haven't managed to contribute that much in the last few weeks, so need to follow up on that
       * PH will attend TPS coffee on 6 May for some Q & A and promotion   


## Reading list suggestions

### Blogs
* Lazy consensus: http://nowviskie.org/2012/lazy-consensus/
* Being glue: https://noidea.dog/glue
* Preparing for the world after COVID-19: leadership lessons from crises and discontinuous change: https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/businessreview/2021/01/26/preparing-for-the-world-after-covid-19-lessons-for-leaders-from-crises-and-discontinuous-change/

### Papers
* The UK higher education senior management survey: a statactivist response to managerialist governance: https://doi.org/10.1080/03075079.2020.1712693

### Books
* Shape up: https://basecamp.com/shapeup

#### On my wish list:
* The Culture Map: https://erinmeyer.com/books/the-culture-map/
* A world Without Email: https://www.calnewport.com/books/a-world-without-email/
