# Weekly Meetings 2021 

Georgia's weekly meeting notes.

* [17 February 2021](#date-17-february-2021)
* [03 February 2021](#date-03-february-2021)
* [20 January 2021](#date-20-january-2021)
* [13 January 2021](#date-13-january-2021)

### Date: 17 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped PC by writing review
* Helped JS join meet-up group
* Helped JAS think through secondment 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AM helped me with funding strategies
* IS helped me with web build problems
* SB helped me run co-working session
* JK helped me with this very PR
  * KW: WOOOO! :confetti_ball:
  * Can we set up a co-working session with me, you and him? Maybe one weekend - ask him and then we can coordinate on slack :sparkling_heart:

#### What did you achieve?

* Second co-working session
* Recruited new collaborator with Django knowledge!
  * KW: Exciting!! :tada: 
* Building Twitter strategy with SB and SF
* Co-working with JS
* Finished Feb newsletter
* Worked on incorporating gov.uk components for MVP/getting some help from old GDS team :)
  * KW: Super fun! :rocket: :star2:
* Started exploring Canva (thanks SB!)
* Objectives submitted  

#### What did you struggle with?

* Zoom :( 
  * KW: Can you have a read through of this section - and maybe enhance it for the Turing Way: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/collaboration/remote-collab/remote-collab-chairs.html?highlight=remote%20working#short-workshops-up-skilling-or-discussion-sessions
    * For example: how do you deal with plans changing? What do you do if zoom doesn't work :sob:? What if the folks you were expecting aren't there? How do you deal with changing agenda items based on who turns up? What if the group is really small? What if the group is really large? How manage very different interests etc? 
    * Remember to join 10 mins early and maybe good to have a back up host / helper just in case there are other problems.
  * We also would ideally have a version of this page for these meetings: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.html 
  * A key difference is that we have a broader range of accessibility requirements than a typical Turing Way meeting - BUT OLS has fantastic resources so worth looking to bring those in too.
* html/Django rendering on localhost- getting help from JK and IS

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Wellcome/funding - next steps
* reviewing Feb newsletter
  * KW: This is a good slack nudge - please just send messages when I need to double check things like this :white_check_mark:

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Lots of platform building
* Funding stuff
* Supporting community to do tasks independently
* KW: Ask EK to work with you on understanding git merge conflicts.
  * Scope what a chapter in the Turing Way would look like to demonstrate merge conflict resolution
  * We have this content: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/reproducible-research/vcs/vcs-git-merge.html?highlight=merge%20conflict#merge-conflicts but it may need sprucing up to be super useful! 

### Date: 03 February 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped the SDS group by inviting speaker and adding bios and abstracts
  * KW: So great! 
  * Please share on slack to the #tps & #ethics-advisory-group channel :pray: !
* Helped collaborator with involvement
  * KW: Great - keep an eye out for others who can also help with onboarding & supporting
* Helped JS think of neurodiversity improvements
  * KW: Very cool.
  * Connect with BV if that makes sense - you check first and then ping me on slack for introductions :smiley_cat:
* Helped JS get setup on the new AutSPACEs repo
  * KW: :confetti_ball::confetti_ball::confetti_ball:

#### Who helped you this week?

* KW sent me flowers :yellow_heart: 
* JK helped me with Django
* AVDW sent me an interesting article on transdisciplinarity
  * KW: Share in lab & Open Humans slack channel?
* SF helped with comms planning
  * KW: Cool :loudspeaker:
* AC helped me with facilitation 
  * KW: Amazing :pray:

#### What did you achieve?

* First co-working session
  * KW: So sorry I couldn't be there!
* Rough draft of wellcome 1-pager
  * KW: Looks good!
* Accessibility work on repo 
  * KW: Very cool!
* Platform progress supported by BGT
  * KW: Great stuff - please have as many conversations as possible in the OH slack workspace :pray:
* Creation of co-working sub-groups
  * KW: Great - make sure this is in an issue :smiley:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Some Django stuff (/html)
* Objectives :( - still no progress here 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Wellcome - review, funding, and budgeting (maybe in meeting with SL?)
* Roadmapping for the platform build 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* More repo work
* Create roadmap and clarify with JK
* Django learning 
* Meeting with AB and AM
* Work on conference paper
* KW: One slack post everyday :apple: :wink:
  * Focus on building connections between JK and BGT and helping them to write issues for new contributors to work on.

### Date: 20 January 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped SF with research opportunities
  * KW: Very cool - conference abstract & possible talks

#### Who helped you this week?

* SB helped me all round with first mentoring session
  * KW: This is great - I'm delighted

#### What did you achieve?

* GSOC application submitted (thanks MS and KW!)
  * KW: Excited for this!
* Conference abstract submitted (Thanks IKG and SF)
  * KW: :muscle:
* Scaffold for Wellcome application (https://hackmd.io/IJl2JuDVQMWtm0ILqRQgqw)
  * KW: Really great!
* Interviewed AC for Jan newsletter
* Autistic co-facilitator for co-working sessions found
  * 2nd and 4th Thursdays from 4:30pm to 6:30pm
* Set up regular co-working sessions with JS

#### What did you struggle with?

* 3 month objectives on Cezanne - emailed reminder they are overdue!
  * KW: Please have a think about this and remind me!
* Some January blues and stress - whitaker lab helped lots! :)
  * KW: :sunrise_over_mountains: 

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Budgeting for funding applications

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Preparing for first group co-working session 
* Finishing Wellcome funding proposal
* January newsletter
* Continuing platform development
* Getting repo ready to onboard new collaborators 

KW: Please also arrange a chat with AM about a 5 or 10 year plan :scream_cat: and your graceful exit (on your own terms!!) from the Turing (or a dedication to stay!) :rocket: :star2:

### Date: 13 January 2021

#### Who did you help this week?

* Helped JK by creating issues and project board/milestones
  * KW: Really cool!

#### Who helped you this week?

* YY helped me understand the application process for the Wellcome foundation!
  * KW: Fun!
  * KW: Can you arrange a meeting w me, SL & YY (if she'd like to come?) to take this forwards?

#### What did you achieve?

* Transcripts complete! 44,452 words! 
  * KW: AMAZING!
* Repo created for new development work with README
* Researched funding options
* Wrote abstract for conference paper with IKG
  * KW: Fab - do talk with SF, & link up with me & IKG on slack

#### What did you struggle with?

* Finding good times to collaborate with people!
* Turing Way chapter

#### Where do you need help from Kirstie?

* Budgeting for funding applications
* Issues approaches
* ʕ•́ᴥ•̀ʔっ can I help *you* with anything? <3

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Set up fortnightly co-working (meet-up) sessions
  * KW: Excited for these!!
* 2-page funding proposal for Wellcome
  * KW: Ping SL & me :sparkles:
* Continuing platform development
* Fill the repo with all the Asana issues

KW: Tough meeting this morning.
2021 has lots of great opportunities but there are big decisions for this project that are on the horizon.
I'm really hopeful that we can find an integrated path forwards - there are so many great ideas :sparkling_heart:
